Online Assessment :
1. very easy bruteforce ques
2. aliencode - given a numeric string , find the number of substrings divisible by 3. Substrings
shouldn't start with 0 , but just 0 as a substring is valid. Loose constraints , bruteforce works
fine.
3. given a list of arrival times - Reactor can process one sample at a time, and processing it
takes 300 seconds. Cooling chamber can hold 10 samples at max (waiting queue for getting
into the reactor). Samples arriving when cooling chamber is full are rejected . If a sample
completes synthesis at time T , the sample already waiting in the queue enters the reactor
first.
Goal is to find the total time when the last accepted sample finishes its synthesis. (priority
queue simulation)
4. Given a list of book titles - Should find the number of pairs of indices , where title_i is a
prefix of title_j - Bruteforce doesnt work for the given conditions (Hint : Binary search)

Tech + HR

Give an introduction about yourself
Given a set of bricks , each brick has a cost and a weight. You should take exact 100kg
weighted bricks , with least cost possible. (Knapsack DP)
altered the question a little bit saying - I can break the bricks and the cost would be
proportional , now what's the optimal way for getting least cost and 100kg bricks
Longest Common Subsequence
Table of students - student_id , subject_id , student_name, marks_in_each_subj - display
each students total marks (add up all subjects marks and display like one row per each
student)
(group by)
little bit theory questions about CTE(common table expression)
linked list vs array (expects to talk about all the over heads and the time complexities , trade
offs , which is best at what condition)
java vs cpp (expects to talk about memory management , pointers , JIT , garbage collector ,
new delete keywords , OOPs , STL , compile time speed , use cases , trade offs)
sort the array using any algorithm. Chose merge sort. asked to code it up and run on few
test cases. Asked to explain the flow of recursion and the logic.
comparing it with bubble sort and quick sort , trade offs , time complexity , space complexity
, use cases.
Binary search - deriving time complexity and explaining the work flow
What is your favorite course till now? and why?
any questions for me? (asked 4-5 questions related to his career choices and experiences)

Extensive research about the company and the interviewer , curating the introduction with the
company's principles , and trying to build a rapport with the interviewer in the intro and the final
questions , smiling throughout , how you're dealing when the answer is wrong - helped a lot.








pehle dono strings ke the
dono mein kuch operations karne the
like vowels remove kardo or jo remaining string hai usko reverse karke return kardo
dusra bhi string ka hi tha
consonants ko uske aage wale consonant se substitute karna tha

3rd one matrix ka tha
idhar explain karna thoda difficult hai but backtracking ka question tha vo


and 4th one mein ek array of numbers given hai
you need to return no of pairs jisme sirf ek hi letter ka difference ho
eg 412 512 653
iska answer 2 aayega as 412 and 512 mein sirf ek hi number different hai
